This is a stalemate in the war again, no?
It's over.
The knot is over
soil
He died, Han Yang
How dare you violate the rules and kill my apprentice
Elder Gu's words are favorable to one over the other
He killed me just now
You stop the sect master and don't let it stop
And now I kill him.
You say I broke a foul
It's Elder Gu
Could it be in front of me
How dare you play with double standards?
As I said before
If you want to kill in public
Must be punished
It's the same with a change of self-cultivation
This is how you treat the ocean
You are convinced
Elder Gu is fair
I am natural
No change good
Come and take down Hanyang
Wait, you have to fight
The team leader is right
If I kill you
Nature violates
But what if I hadn't killed him?
You mean if you don't die
It's not brother, you have to be alive
It's just that his dantian is still broken
There is no possibility of cultivation in this life
You are useless Dantian
Elder Gu only said that killing is a foul
I didn't say crippled dantian
Also against you
Hello, don't be here
Now this sect master announces
Han Yang is superior
Can serve as the chief disciple of my Yuan Men
A month later, I went to Zhengzhou to participate in the Hundred Gate Club